Update quotas documentation (#669)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs: articles/provider-pasqal.md

## Limits and quotas

PASQAL quotas apply to the usage of the emulator and QPU and can be increased with a support ticket. 

> To check your current limits and quotas, navigate to the Credits and quotas section, then select the Quotas tab in your workspace on the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com). Refer to [Azure Quantum quotas](xref:microsoft.quantum.quotas) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check your current limits and quotas, check out [How can I view my remaining quota?](xref:microsoft.quantum.quotas#how-can-i-view-my-remaining-quota).
```
